# Calculate exists(/etc/portage/package.use/clsd)==

media-libs/libcanberra gtk
x11-misc/xscreensaver jpeg
net-im/pidgin gtk
net-irc/xchat gtk
x11-misc/trayfreq autostart
net-wireless/blueman -network
x11-libs/qt-gui qt3support
x11-libs/qt-sql qt3support
x11-libs/qt-core qt3support
x11-misc/spacefm su
dev-libs/apr -urandom
media-sound/deadbeef gtk cdda cover imlib m3u threads zip cover encode lastfm curl
www-client/chromium cups gnome-keyring
sys-auth/pambase gnome-keyring
net-print/gutenprint gimp
app-text/fbreader -qt4 gtk
net-im/pidgin networkmanager -gstreamer
app-misc/screen multiuser
media-gfx/imagemagick corefonts
dev-lang/python sqlite
net-misc/networkmanager-pptp gnome
dev-util/boost-build python
x11-terms/rxvt-unicode xft
net-wireless/madwifi-ng kernel_linux
x11-misc/xscreensaver -jpeg
media-sound/deadbeef -ffmpeg